docs(nextjs): Document unstable_sentryWebpackPluginOptions (#11311)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/manual-setup.mdx

});
```

### Extend Sentry Webpack Plugin Options
`withSentryConfig` uses a [custom Webpack plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/webpack-plugin) to manage your sourcemaps and releases under the hood. If `withSentryConfig` does not provide the option you need to modify, you may override the `sentryWebpackPluginOptions` directly via `unstable_sentryWebpackPluginOptions`.

<Alert level="warning">

>   Note that this option is unstable and may break in any release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that this option is unstable and its API may include breaking changes in any release.
```
